The Big Project

Goals:
1.	For you to have an opportunity to have fun and to exercise your creativity.

2.	For you to expand your tool-kit by learning something new , but related to what we have already learned, on your own.

3.	For you to pull together many of the techniques and technologies we have been learning.

4.	To make the project of a small and mangeable size.


Criteria:
1.	The project may be as small as one page and may be on any topic.

2.	It should be fun for the user.

3.	It must make use of all of the following:
a.	html5
b.	css3
c.	JavaScript
d.	jQuery 
e.	a jQuery plug-in


4.	It must involve you using at least 4  of the following (most of which are new to you):
a.	Embedding a video or audio file
b.	An animation
c.	The canvas element of HTML5
d.	Ajax
e.	Responsive web design
f.	Other parts of JQuery we haven’t used with prior approval
g.	z-index of CSS with prior approval and if it is genuinely new to you
h.	transparency with prior approval and if it is genuinely new to you
i.	Another new technique with prior approval

5.	Everyone on the team has to learn at least two new technologies, and the team has to provide a list of 3 -5 sources of information on the new topics.  

Everyone on the team has to do some serious coding.

I want you to ‘blue sky’ some ideas today.

Example – although this may be too ambitious:
Invite a Simmons applicant to construct her own dorm room by using images of dorm rooms from the Simmons web site (I think I have some photos of unfurrnished rooms) and allowing her to drag onto the the room photos / images of posters, quilts, computers, Simmons banner, etc.  Of course, ideally, she would want to save the result (& the Admissions Office would want to know she had particpiated.)  Uses RWD, draggable images, z-index and could use various plug-ins for RWD.  

Past students have done games, puzzles, write-your-own-ending books, as well as sites focusing on a particular topic.

Your grade for the project will depend partially on how ambitious your project is, as well as how many new technologies you have incorporated.

